---
title: "Terms of Use"
date: 2022-12-19T15:47:17+05:30
draft: false
---

This App - Derecom Music Player, aka Derecom.app - is independently developed by the sole author Giuseppe Samela. No other person or company, other than the author, is behind the efforts of making, improving, maintaining, and marketing the App. Also, no source of revenue is generated by your usage of the App, other than the one-time fee that is required to purchase the App. Such revenue is shared with Apple Inc. as provider of the distribution service: the App Store. The purchasing price of the App may differ from region to region throughout the world, with variations that are regulated solely by Apple.

Please read these Terms of Use carefully before you download, install or use the App.

1. By downloading, installing or using the App, you indicate that you accept these Terms of Use and that you agree to abide by them. Your download, installation or use of the App constitutes your acceptance of these Terms of Use which takes effect on the date on which you download, install, or use the App. If you do not agree with these Terms of Use, you should cease downloading, installing, or using the App immediately.

2. We reserve the right to change these Terms of Use at any time without notice. You are responsible for regularly reviewing information posted online to obtain timely notice of such changes. Your continued use of the App after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of the amended Terms of Use.

3. You must comply with any applicable third party terms of agreement when using the App.

4. You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, or re-sell the App or any part of the App save as may be permitted by these Terms of Use.

5. You must not without our permission use any material from the App, including, but not limited to, screenshots of the app, onto other websites or mobile applications, unless the usage is clearly and unequivocally intended for increasing support and awareness for the App and its author.

6. By downloading and using this App you acknowledge that no one, including the author, is benefiting from your continuous usage of the App. With that, you also understand that installing the App does not constitute any binding relationship between the Author and yourself.

7. We do not warrant that the App will be compatible with all hardware and software which you may use. New devices, as well as operating system updates, are released continuously and may change the way the App looks or behave. If the App is malfunctioning on a specific platform or device, consider letting the author know via email or social media.

8. We make no warranty that your access to the App will be uninterrupted, timely or error-free. In addition, we may occasionally need to carry out repairs, maintenance or introduce new facilities and functions. Please let the the author know, via email or social media, if a new error impacts the functionality of the App but has not been addressed in a reasonable time frame.

9. We shall not be liable for damage to, or viruses or other code that may affect, any equipment (including but not limited to your mobile device), software, data or other property as a result of your download, installation, access to, or use of the App. We shall also not be liable for the actions of third parties providing content and services that may be accessable or playable through the App.

10. We may change or update the App and anything described in it without notice to you. The license granted to you for the App is limited to a non-transferable license to use the App on a mobile device that you own or control and as permitted by these Terms of Use. We are solely responsible for providing any maintenance and support services with respect to the App as required under applicable law.

11. You hereby release our team from all claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of any kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of, or in any way, connected with any disputes arising between you and any suppliers, or between you and other App or Website users.

12. You agree to indemnify and hold our team and each of our affiliates from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages, costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees), resulting from your use of the App and/or any violation of the terms of this Agreement.

13. You represent and warrant that your use of the App will be in strict accordance with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations.

14. Any personal information that we may have on you can be collected in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
